feat: Overwrite stages preserves the order (#86)
encord-team/encord-agents: docs/task_agents/runner_intro.md

The agent function is supposed to return where the task should go next.
This can be done by pathways names or `UUID`s. 

> If None is returned, the task is not moved and the runner will process the task again on a subsequent process of that stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If None is returned, the task remains in its current stage. It is processed by the runner on the next execution of that stage.
```

    lr.client_metadata  # will now be populated
```

Additionally, when developing your agent in a REPL environment (such as Jupyter notebooks), it can be useful to re-run cells / snippets. By default, when re-running the:

```python
@runner.stage("<my_stage_name>")
def stage():
    ...
```

> snippet, the library will raise an error as we validate against attempting to define multiple agents for a given stage. If you wish to overwrite the function associated to a given stage, this can be done by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
snippet, the library raises an error as we validate against attempting to define multiple agents for a given stage. If you wish to overwrite the function associated to a given stage, this can be done by:
```

```python
@runner.stage("<my_stage_name>", overwrite=True)
def stage():
    ...
```

> which will update the definition for the given stage on each re-run. It also ensures that the order of execution is preserved; That is, stages are executed in the order in which they were originally defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which updates the definition for the given stage on each re-run. It also ensures that the order of execution is preserved and  stages are executed in the order in which they were originally defined.
```

Author: I prefer That is to and cause the second statement is not a distinct logical clause but basically spelling out the first part
